Develop monitoring module documentation (#359)
navapbc/template-infra: docs/infra/set-up-monitoring-notifications.md

Reviewer: nit: can we name the file set-up-monitoring-alerts.md instead of monitoring notifications?

# Set up monitoring notifications

## Overview 

> The Monitoring Module is responsible for presenting monitoring information from our application and infrastructure. It helps us identify performance bottlenecks, potential issues, and overall system health. With this module, we gain valuable insights to make data-driven decisions and ensure the reliability and availability of our services.
> 
> ## Features
> 
> * Real time alerts: Module supports alerting rules to notify stakeholders when specific thresholds are breached.
> * Notification channels: it supports various notification channels, specifically email alerts notifications and integration with external Incident management tools like Splunk-On-Call or Pagerduty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monitoring module defines metric-based alerting policies that provides awareness into issues with the cloud application. The module supports integration with external incident management tools like Splunk-On-Call or Pagerduty. It also supports email alerts.
```

the overview is a bit wordy, provided a suggestion to make it concise. let's combine the features section with the overview section too. also, we don't need to capitalize monitoring module.

## Requirements

Before proceeding with setting up monitoring notifications, ensure that you have completed the setup for your application environment. Refer to the following guide for the necessary steps:

[Set up application environment](./set-up-app-env.md)

## Configure monitoring alerts

The Monitoring Module is an integral part of the application environment setup, and any changes to it can be applied by running the following command to create or update application resources:

```
TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-var=image_tag=<IMAGE_TAG>" make infra-update-app-service APP_NAME=app ENVIRONMENT=<ENVIRONMENT>

> ```

Reviewer: i think we can remove this section. instead, i suggest embedding this command rather than having it separate so that we make it explicit that we need to run this after the setup step (see my other comments)

### Setting up email alerts.

To enable email alerts, you need to add the `email_alerts_subscription_list` variable to monitoring module call from [application code](../../infra/app/service/main.tf)

Example of the module call in the application code:

```
module "monitoring" {
  source = "../../modules/monitoring"
  #Email subscription list:
  email_alerts_subscription_list = ["email1@email.com", "email2@email.com"]

  # Module takes service and ALB names to link all alerts with corresponding targets
  service_name                                = local.service_name
  load_balancer_arn_suffix                    = module.service.load_balancer_arn_suffix
  incident_management_service_integration_url = module.app_config.has_incident_management_service ? data.aws_ssm_parameter.incident_management_service_integration_url[0].value : null
}
``` 

> When any of the alerts described by the module are triggered notification will be send to all email specified in the `email_alerts_subscription_list`

Reviewer: Suggestion:

## Set up email alerts.

1. Add the `email_alerts_subscription_list` variable to the monitoring module call in [the service layer](../../infra/app/service/main.tf)

    For example:
    ```
    module "monitoring" {
      source = "../../modules/monitoring"
      email_alerts_subscription_list = ["email1@email.com", "email2@email.com"]
      ...
    }
    ```
 
2. Run `make infra-update-app-service APP_NAME=<APP_NAME> ENVIRONMENT=<ENVIRONMENT>` to apply the changes to each environment.

### Setting up External incident management service integration.

1. Enable external incident management integration by modifying [application config](../../infra/app/app-config/main.tf) 
Set `has_incident_management_service = true`

2. Create or modify SSM secret with webhook URL of the external service that should recieve alerts from Cloudwatch.
```
make infra-configure-monitoring-secrets APP_NAME=<APP_NAME> ENVIRONMENT=<ENVIRONMENT> URL=<WEBHOOK_URL>
```

> 

Reviewer: Suggest something like

## Set up external incident management service integration

1. Set setting `has_incident_management_service = true` in [app-config/main.tf](/infra/app/app-config/main.tf)
2. Get the integration URL for the incident management service and store it in AWS SSM Parameter Store by running the following command for each environment:
    ```
    make infra-configure-monitoring-secrets APP_NAME=<APP_NAME> ENVIRONMENT=<ENVIRONMENT> URL=<WEBHOOK_URL>
    ```
3. Run `make infra-update-app-service APP_NAME=<APP_NAME> ENVIRONMENT=<ENVIRONMENT>` to apply the changes to each environment.

### Additional monitoring alerts.

You can add additional alerts and use the same notification channel provided by the module. As an output, the module returns the SNS ARN, which is used for alerting. You can fetch this output from the appicaltion environment [code](../../infra/app/service/) using the following method.
```
module.monitoring.sns_notification_channel
```

> This allows you to extend the monitoring capabilities and integrate with other tools seamlessly.

Reviewer: To keep it simple I think we can remove this section. Let's not overengineer until there's an explicit need for it.
